---
title: Updating to 4.0
description: Guide for updating Capacitor from v3 to v4 in your app
slug: /updating/4-0
---

# Updating from Capacitor 3 to Capacitor 4

Compared to previous upgrades, the breaking changes between Capacitor 3 and 4 is fairly minimal. In this guide, you'll find steps to update your project to the current Capacitor 4 version as well as a list of breaking changes for our official plugins.

## iOS

The following guide describes how to upgrade your Capacitor 3 iOS project to Capacitor 4.

### Change iOS Deployment Target

Do the following for your Xcode project and app target: open the **Build Settings** tab. Under the **Deployment** section, change **iOS Deployment Target** to **iOS 13.0**.

Then, open `ios/App/Podfile` and update the iOS version to 13.0:

```ruby
platform :ios, '13.0'
```

### Remove Unnecessary Code

Remove unused `touchesBegan` method from `AppDelegate.swift`

```diff
override func touchesBegan(_ touches: Set<UITouch>, with event: UIEvent?) {
-  super.touchesBegan(touches, with: event)

  let statusBarRect = UIApplication.shared.statusBarFrame
  guard let touchPoint = event?.allTouches?.first?.location(in: self.window) else { return }

  if statusBarRect.contains(touchPoint) {
      NotificationCenter.default.post(name: .capacitorStatusBarTapped, object: nil)
  }
}
```

## Android

The following guide describes how to upgrade your Capacitor 3 Android project to Capacitor 4.

### Update Android Project Variables

In your `variables.gradle` file, update your values to the following new minimums

```groovy
minSdkVersion = '22'
androidxActivityVersion = '1.4.0'
androidxAppCompatVersion = '1.4.1'
androidxCoordinatorLayoutVersion = '1.2.0'
androidxCoreVersion = '1.7.0'
androidxFragmentVersion = '1.4.1'
junitVersion = '4.13.2'
androidxJunitVersion = '1.1.3'
androidxEspressoCoreVersion = '3.4.0'
```

## Plugins

The following plugin functions have been modified or removed. Update your code accordingly.

### Storage

The `@capacitor/storage` plugin has been renamed to `@capacitor/preferences` to better reflect it's usage. The API remains the same.

### Camera

- The setting `preserveAspectRatio` has been removed.
- The plugin will no longer alert that iOS usage descriptions are missing.

### Action Sheet

- `ShowActionsOptions.title` is now optional.

#### iOS Only

- `buildActionSheet` title and message is now optional.

### Push Notifications 

- Added new type, `RegistrationError`, for `registrationError` event.
- `importance` is now optional.  Defaults to `3`.
- `deleteChannel` now only accepts the channel id instead of the whole object.

### Local Notifications

- `importance` is now optional.  Defaults to `3`.
- `deleteChannel` now only accepts the channel id instead of the whole object.

### App

- `App.exitApp()` now returns a promise.

### Geolocation

- Timeout is now ignored for getCurrentPosition

### FileSystem

- `copy` now returns path of the copied file.
- `ReaddirResult` now returns an array of `FileInfo` objects, which contain metadata related to each file in addition to its URI.

### Device

- `model` now returns the exact model on iOS (from “iPhone” to “iPhone13.4”).

### Dialog

- `title` is now optional.

### Keyboard

- `style` config option now uses the `KeyboardStyle` enum for options.
