---
title: Updating to 5.0
description: Guide for updating Capacitor from v4 to v5 in your app
slug: /updating/5-0
---

# Updating from Capacitor 4 to Capacitor 5

Compared to previous upgrades, the breaking changes between Capacitor 4 and 5 are extremely minimal. In this guide, you'll find steps to update your project to the current Capacitor 5 version as well as a list of breaking changes for our official plugins.

## Using the CLI to Migrate

Install the latest version of the Capacitor CLI to your project using `npm i -D @capacitor/cli@latest`. Once installed, simply run `npx cap migrate` to have the CLI handle the migration for you. If any of the steps for the migration are not able to be completed, additional information will be made available in the output in the terminal. The steps for doing the migration manually are listed out below.

## Android

The following guide describes how to upgrade your Capacitor 4 Android project to Capacitor 5.

### Update Android Project Variables

In your `variables.gradle` file, update your values to the following new minimums

```groovy
minSdkVersion = 22
compileSdkVersion = 33
targetSdkVersion = 33
androidxActivityVersion = '1.6.1'
androidxAppCompatVersion = '1.6.1'
androidxCoordinatorLayoutVersion = '1.2.0'
androidxCoreVersion = '1.9.0'
androidxFragmentVersion = '1.5.5'
coreSplashScreenVersion = '1.0.0'
androidxWebkitVersion = '1.6.0'
junitVersion = '4.13.2'
androidxJunitVersion = '1.1.5'
androidxEspressoCoreVersion = '3.5.1'
cordovaAndroidVersion = '10.1.1'
```

### Update androidScheme

In Capacitor 6, `https` is going to be the default setting for `androidScheme` for __existing apps__.  To avoid data loss as a result of this change, you should set the scheme to `http` now even if it's the current default.

## Plugins

The following plugin functions have been modified or removed. Update your code accordingly.

### Device

- `DeviceId.uuid` changed to `DeviceId.identifier`
- On iOS 16+, `DeviceInfo.name` will return a generic device name unless you add the appropriate [entitlements](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_developer_device-information_user-assigned-device-name).